#summary Development Enviroment

=== Big Picture ===
Zayso is a LAMP project currently using PHP, Apache and MySql.
Might move to Postgress in the future since mysql still has issues with views and stored procedures.

=== Some Names ===
  * Zayso - Public name of the project
  * Osso - Open Source Sports Organizer, private name of the project
  * Cerad - My family names, use for a shared library

=== Getting Started ===
  * Request to join the zayso2010 project on code.google.com

  * Install svn command line client, for Windows, use [http://www.sliksvn.com/en/download SVN Silk]
  * Make a directory called /home/ahundiak/zayso2010 then check out the latest code
  * Fetch the wiki directory into /home/ahundiak/zayso2010/wiki as well

Note that I like to use /home/ahundiak for working in even on Windows systems.
I avoid hard coding this path but sometimes it is just plain easier.

  * Install and configure PHP, Apache and MySql.  For windows use the latest [http://www.apachefriends.org/en/xampp-windows.html xamp package]
  * Create a virtual host pointing to /home/ahundiak/zayso2010/osso2010/web and test

  * Install and configure your favorite IDE.
I use [http://netbeans.org/downloads/ NetBeans] since it installs cleanly under both windows and Solaris 10.
I also had trouble configuring Eclipse with svn and proxy servers.
  * Adjust the Editor to insert two spaces for each tab.  Do not mess up my source code formating!
  * Adjust the svn settings and verify you can commit changes from within your IDE.

  * Install [http://www.phpunit.de/manual/current/en/installation.html PHP Unit Testing 3.4.x].
I just ftp-ed the package instead of messing around with the pear installer.  No real need to configure it.

=== Solaris 10 ===
php configure.sh

#!/bin/ksh
sudo ./configure \
  --prefix=/usr/local/php \
  --with-config-file-path=/usr/local/php/lib \
  --with-libxml-dir=/usr/local \
  --with-zlib=/usr/local \
  --with-xpm-dir=/usr/local \
  --with-mysql=/usr/local/mysql \
  --with-mysqli=/usr/local/mysql/bin/mysql_config \
  --with-apxs2=/usr/local/apache2/bin/apxs \
  --without-pgsql \
  --with-jpeg-dir=/usr/local/lib \
  --with-zlib-dir=/usr/local/lib \
  --with-gd=/usr/local \
  --enable-mbstring \
  --enable-exif \
  --enable-force-cgi-redirect \
  --enable-sockets \
  --with-png-dir=/usr/local/lib \
  --with-curl=/usr/local \
  --with-ldap=/usr/local \
  --with-openssl=/usr/local/ssl \
  --with-gettext \
  --with-pcre-dir=/usr/local \
  --with-freetype-dir=/usr/local \
  --with-mssql=/usr/local/freetds \
  --with-pdo-mysql=/usr/local/mysql

apache.sh
sudo /usr/local/apache2/bin/apachectl stop
sudo /usr/local/apache2/bin/apachectl -f /usr/local/apache2/conf/httpd.conf

mysql.sh
#!/bin/ksh
sudo /usr/local/mysql/bin/mysqld_safe --user=mysql &
  